https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p1.jpg_1_Elvis and Father Bolduc
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p3.jpg_3_Bolduc family picture.  Front row L-R Anita Felixine (9-12-1937 age 18), Robert Joseph (10-17-1944 Age 11), Bafrbara Dorothy (9-3-1942 Age 13), Ora Theberge (5-27-1902 Age 54) Hector Charles (10-9-1901 Age 54), Helen Lillian (4-15-1946 Age 10), Laurette Leda (7-14-1941 Age 15), (Back row L-R) Armand Antonio (4-9-1939 Age 17), Hector Ludger (6-21-1936 Age 20), Maurice Frank (5-18-1931 Age 25), Roland Henry (6-7-1923 Age 33), Kenneth Patrick (3-17-1922 Age 34), Charles Arthur (10-12-1925 Age 30, Theresa Elaine (6-16-1929 Age 27), Ernest Gedeon (10-12-1933 Age 22)
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p4.jpg_4_Picture of Father Bolduc - commissioned by Mrs. Beemster.
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p5.jpg_5_Hector in Germany with Tom Soden (from Demenick), Couple is the Hittle's
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p6.jpg_6_Hector Bolduc as a Marianite seminarian - summer camps.  Info Magazine
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p7.jpg_7_Father Bolduc picture
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p8.jpg_8_St. Michaels church altar
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p9.jpg_9_St. Michaels FHC with Father Bolduc
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p10.jpg_10_Gilford garden with Father bolduc 
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p11.jpg_11_Father Bolduc in Vegetable Garden 2003 Gilford N.H
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p12.jpg_12_Ernest, Father, Theresa, visiting Budd at rest home in Vt. 
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p13.jpg_13_Witches skit for Neices and Nephews - designed by Father Bolduc - mentioned in reearch document
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p14.jpg_14_Young Father Bolduc sitting by TV
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p15.jpg_15_Leaving Father Bolducs funeral Mass at Depere Wi to go outside for 21 gun salute 9/14/2012
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p16.jpg_16_father doing a baptism in DePere Nov 1992
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p17.jpg_17_St. Michaels church in DePere - front view
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p18.jpg_18_Father Bolducs funeral Mass at St. Michaels 9/14/2012 Fathers Finnegan, Cyprian, Elias
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p19.jpg_19_Funeral in Depere - Father in casket
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p20.jpg_20_Father Bolduc at Von Trapp chapel in Stove, Vt 10/1/2008
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p21.jpg_21_Father at Saints Peter and Paul in Irish Hills.  Steve Summers altar boy, Patrick Summers FHC
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p22.jpg_22_Father Bolduc with Miss Elizabeth Cook in Irish Hills Michigan July 1983
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p23.jpg_23_Father Bolduc's pride and joy "Buffalo Bill" 1999 Gilfor
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p24.jpg_24_One of the early pictures of Father Bolduc - Confirmations - l-r Armand, Anita, Hector, =looks like in homestead front lawn
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p25.jpg_25_Father and Mark Schaeffer(Brother Anthony) at the Gilford sap house
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p26.jpg_26_Father's first blessing as a priest  with parents kissing his hands in Econe, Switzerland
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p27.jpg_27_Father at Gilford farm processing chickens(Bob, Theresa, Helen, Hector, Bob, Linda, Gerry
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p28.jpg_28_Father in chair with popcorn bowl at Ernest's house
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p29.jpg_29_Father and Archbishop at St. Marys in front of BVM statue
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p30.jpg_30_Immaculate Conception church Gilford - Christmas Card, painting by Loran Percy
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p31.jpg_31_Father Bolduc ordination announcement 6/29/1974
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p32.jpg_32_Fr. Bolduc and Michael Davies St. Mary's
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p33.jpg_33_ August 1979 Angelus Pilgrimage to St. Mary's.  His Grace is autographing copies of the Apologia. APML, Vol. I just published! Back row, left to right:  Fr. Carl Pulvermacher, O.F.M., Cap.; Fr. Philip Stark, S. J., Dr. Malcolm Brennan, Fr. Bolduc, Michael Davies, Msgr. Hodgson. Front row:  Cannot, for the life of me, think of this young man's name, Midge Hanrahan, Phyllis Graham, Mary ?, (Carlita Brown) on the far right. You may remember Dr. Brennan's name from his monthly column "English Martyrs" which he did for several years.  He is (or was at that time) a professor at The Citadel in South Carolina.  The two I can't identify also contributed to The Angelus for a short period of time and if their names come to me in the middle of the night, I'll let you know. Fr. Stark worked with SSPX for a number of years and was a regular visitor to Dickinson. He ended up stationed in New Orleans and covered Mass centers on the lower East Coast.  Maria Davies (Michael's wife) was still in touch with him a couple of years ago but I don't recall where he is now.  Msgr. Hodgson also collaborated with SSPX but I don't recall details about hi
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p34.jpg_34_Archbishop with Fr Hector Bolduc and Other Priests at the Angelus Press in Dickinson TX
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p35.jpg_35_Archbishop with Fr Hector Bolduc in Dickinson TX
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p36.jpg_36_Archbishop and Fr Bolduc at banquet in gym St. Marys
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p37.jpg_37_ Archbishop and Fr Bolduc at Pontifical Mass in St. Marys
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p38.jpg_38_Archbishop and Fr Bolduc St. Marys
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p40.jpg_40_Archbishop and Fr Hector Bolduc St. Marys
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p41.jpg_41_Archbishop Confirmations also included - Fr Bolduc St. Marys
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p42.jpg_42_Archbishop and Fr Bolduc with mother and child St. Marys
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p43.jpg_43_Archbishop and Fr Bolduc in rec hall St. Marys
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p44.jpg_44_St. Mary's College staff and students
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p45.jpg_45_St. Marys visit Archbishop, Father Bolduc and parishioners
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p46.jpg_46_St. Marys visit Archbishop, Father Bolduc and parishioners
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p47.jpg_47_St. Marys visit Archbishop, Father Bolduc procession leading to Immaculata
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p48.jpg_48_St. Marys visit Archbishop, Father Bolduc and parishioners
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p49.jpg_49_St. Mary's college staff and Fr. Bolduc
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p50.jpg_50_St. Mary's college staff and Fr. Bolduc
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p51.jpg_51_Father Bolduc with a Chinese professor inventoring of the Cleaves library
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p52.jpg_52_Father Bolduc in garden - concord grapes 
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p53.jpg_53_Thanksgiving dinner in IC church library
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p54.jpg_54_Gabriel Ullmer and Father Bolduc weeks before death
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p55.jpg_55_Easter Sunday at St. Michaels with Altar boys
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p56.jpeg_56_Army code of conduct - so true for Father Bolduc
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p56.jpg_56_Army code of conduct - so true for Father Bolduc
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p57.JPG_57_Eulogy on life of General George Washington delivered by Thomas Paine 1/3/1800 - 2 copies #107
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p58.JPG_58_S. Bonaventure Vitae Tractatus de sex alis Serphin 1603 #201B
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p59.JPG_59_Traicte de L'Amour De diev Francis DeSales 1617 #203
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p60.JPG_60_Traicte de L'Amour De diev Francis DeSales 1617 #203B
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p61.JPG_61_Sumerian cuniforn tablet(clay) of 3000 B.C.  marriage contract #301
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p62.JPG_62_Illuminated manuscript vol.  carmelites of Dijon 1540 authentic with gulding on calf skin #2009B
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p63.JPG_63_Very rare 1877 coin #2036
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p64.JPG_64_Rules for Franciscans, vellum illuminated w/o gold - 1200 #2039
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p65.JPG_65_Incunabula Manuscript Vellum very Rare - 1479 #2044
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p66.JPG_66_Greek coins 413 B.C.  commerating Spartan victory in Pelapponesian War #2049
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p67.JPG_67_King Henry VIII - Defense of the Faith - "De vera obediantia"  1536 - 1 of 11 copies #2071
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p68.JPG_68_Original signed document by John Hancock 1792 #2083
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p69.JPG_69_1610 Egg tempera by Bernardo Cartello #2109
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p70.JPG_70_napoleaon pistorl fired only twice - 22" long #2123
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p71.JPG_71_monstrance.  Gift from archbishop lefebvre to Father Bolduc  #2125
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p72.JPG_72_Silver enameled ciborium - French 19th century #2135
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p73.JPG_73_chalice - of St. Pius X,  jeweled #2167B - See p93
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p74.JPG_74_Blind stich vestment - also called forbidden vestments#2172
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p75.jpg_75_Fr. Khoat, Archbishop, Bolduc - Vietnamese - Port Arthur, Texas
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p76.JPG_76_Father's buffalo's in Gilford pasture
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p77.JPG_77_Collection of washing machines
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p78.JPG_78_Gilford sap house
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p79.JPG_79_Gilford farm house kitchen table
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p80.JPG_80_Gilford farm house kitchen stoves
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p81.JPG_81_Gilford barn and garden
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p82.JPG_82_Gilford barn and garden
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p83.JPG_83_Gilford church basement collection of books
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p84.JPG_84_Gilford church basement collection of books
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p85.JPG_85_Rotschild prayer book
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p86.JPG_86_Article on  Rathschild prayer book($2.4-3.2 million)
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p87.jpg_87_Bolduc family processing chickens 
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p88.jpg_88_Padre Pio and Father bolduc
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p90.jpg_90_Catholic University Id card father bolduc
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p91.jpg_91_ 400th anniv. Founding of America, 100th anniv. Of Declaration
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p93.JPG_93_Pius X chalice and paten - see p73
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p94.jpg_94_Consecration of Queen of Angels. Archbishop, Fathers Bolduc and Dolan
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p95.JPG_95_Front View Gilford house 
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p96.JPG_96_Gilford - Immaculate Conception church 
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p97.JPG_97_Gilford barn with cupula
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p98.JPG_98_Gilford Bolduc House with sign
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p99.JPG_99_Gilford Barn/silo
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p100.JPG_100_Sugar shack
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p101.JPG_101_Gilford barn with silo
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p102.JPG_102_Gilford House back with shed
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p103.JPG_103_Gilford Sunset Barns
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p104.jpg_104_Gilford  Barns with silo and nice sky
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p105.jpg_105_Gilford  Barns with silo and nice sky
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p106.JPG_106_Gilford small chapel
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p107.jpg_107_Confirmations Kansas City St. Vincents
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p108.jpg_108_Father Bolduc auctioning at St. Marys
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p109.jpg_109_Father Bolduc teaching class
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p110.jpg_110_Father Bolduc holding 3 boys hands
https://frbuldocsite.blob.core.windows.net/buldocimages/p111.jpg_111_Father Bolduc spraying water on school children
